docs: add descriptions and sidebar labels to existing pages (#725)
celestiaorg/docs: docs/community/translations.md

---
sidebar_label: Docs translations

> description: Learn how you can help translate the documentation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how you can help translate Celestia's documentation.
```
